If you wanna work smarter, then figure out who the superstars in your
unit are and then tag team. Um, mentor. I know you might be tasked with
only two Simon's for that day. Go fix this pump. Go change this
file. But if you want to be one of the best, then you probably wanna
tag team along with the person who's rolling out the cable to see how
he's doing it. The person who's opening the breaker to see how he's
doing it in the morning, at least for Electrician's. They're going
to say, Well, we're going to do X Y. And we're also going to use this
crazy weird, um, maintenance item. Now you're not gonna be tasked
with doing all of that stuff, right? Um, but if they say, hey, you
know what, That crazy weird item I've never done that before. You might
want to take it upon yourself to do your task and then go check
that thing out A T end. There'll be a lot of times that they would
be like the low dispatcher whose, uh, switching all the breakers and
stuff, right. He's going to do some some crazy, um, item that is done
on Lee once per month. Um, in that case, yeah, all the new people
they gather around the low dispatcher is like, Okay, nine o'clock.
And then they're going to see exactly how he does it. See the casualty
procedure? Right? So if you do that enough, then you will become
an expert eventually.